we begin in southern Gaza where the
Israeli Army has once again bombed homes
in Rafa at least 14 people have been
killed two women and five children are
among the dead a dozens more have been
injured Israel is expanding its
offensive into Rafa where tens of
thousands of displaced Palestinians are
seeking Refuge Al jaz's hanim Mahmud is
in Rafa in southern Gaza So Yesterday
Han Anthony blinkin told the Israelis
that they are killing too many civilians
in Gaza but there's no sign that the
Israeli military are slowing down what
did you see
overnight yes sir there there no signs
of of this is going to end any time soon
or we're seeing we're going to see at
least a reduction in the number of
Civilian casualties or the the level of
Destruction but as of early hours of
last night extended all the uh hours of
the night and early hours of this
morning ongoing constant artillery
Shilling along the borders there's also
heavy Shel from the naval force all the
way to the coastal Road that's a western
part of RAF City including Al maasi area
where Palestinians displac Palestinians
have been Sheltering since the beginning
of the war but we're talking about an
intense bombing campaign targeting more
residential homes in western part of the
city and the central part as well as to
the Eastern side very close to the
Egyptian Gaza border claiming uh the the
the the life of more civilians including
women and it children and it's important
to point out not only what blinkin has
been pressuring the Israeli government
to do but also since the uh the security
Council um and requested an increase of
humanitarian Aid and as a result of that
we we seen more death and destruction
and more civilians were the victims uh
of ongoing bombing and since the ruling
of the international court of justice
demanding Israel to uh to stop all
genocidal acts across the Gaza Strip we
only see in the contrary more death and
destruction and more people are uh are
dying as the bombing continues so far
the attacks concentrated on rafah that's
in the southern part of the city where
more than half of the population have
been crammed here since the beginning of
the war and expansion of the military
operations as well as in the central
area and it's very consistent with what
Netanyahu stated yesterday who said
There are three areas that the military
operation are going to be expanded
including ra andah City and the western
part of a refugee camp that's in the
Central Area yeah honey I wanted to ask
you about that because there's a lot of
talk as you well know about a possible
deal to end the fighting but yesterday
the Israeli Prime Minister says that he
is aiming for total Victory so how are
Palestinians talking about this how are
they thinking about this how are they
absorbing
it well so far the Palestinians are are
are looking forward to the uh uh to
seeing the day where all of these uh uh
acts of War are going to end and and
into their ongoing suffering and killing
is going to stop but so far the Israeli
narratives is based on uh what it had
started right after October the 7th it's
a total war the objectives of the war
haven't been achieved yet and Netanyahu
is insisting on not ending the war until
uh the the according to him the
elimination of all Hamas power on the
ground now for the people on the ground
here the talks about about a ceasefire
or a
possible truth is mainly the the torture
before death because you know in the
within the past couple months there was
one week of seized fire and everybody
was hoping there would be an extension
to it but
unfortunately things turned very bad and
there was a surge in the in the bombing
across the G more civilian PE civilian
uh people were killed but here what's
going on right now they don't want this
to be happening again they want an end
an end to the war and all acts of War
across God they don't want to to live
through another moments of reprieve
where they had just to wait for another
cycle of intense bombing they are hoping
that it's going to end and they know
Netanyahu is is very selective and he's
not going to be bending easily because
he knows as long as the world the this
word prolongs it means he is a stay in
power and he will do everything possible
to continue the War uh to save himself
from all the other related issues in in
in Israel but for people here it's time
uh as they are growing exhaust exhausted
they're growing tired they're stressed
and they want to see an end to all of
this hanim Mahmud reporting uh from Rafa
in southern Gaza thank you very much for
all of that honey